Dr Jameson: Hi there. Hi.
Dr Jameson: My name is Dr. Jamison, can you hear me OK.
Modoc County: I can hear you just fine. So I'm not on the nurses can be in the room, and this is
Dr Jameson: I know it's weird because I think it looks like your, your screen and your camera to different places.
Dr Jameson: That's okay.
Dr Jameson: I see that I get that, that's fine. So, um,
Dr Jameson: This is the first time I've done a visit like this with, you know, in a facility like this. But anyway, I think it's really neat. So I'm glad glad this is gonna. This is working now. I'm so Edward, if you could just confirm your name and birthdate
Modoc County: Blasco
Modoc County: 87
Dr Jameson: Okay, and you're in California right
Dr Jameson: Okay, and they have already explained to you. I mean, I know you've probably signed consent forms and all that, but you're aware that we're
Dr Jameson: Creating transcripts of these visits. So that means it's recorded at least until the point that they can write everything down you're comfortable with that.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Um, okay. So the point of this visit is primarily sort of a medical
Dr Jameson: Overview and sort of sort out what's the
Dr Jameson: I was going to try to sit outside on my back patio. But if it's too noisy. Let me know if I can go back inside. I hear trucks driving by and stuff.
Modoc County: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Can you hear me okay. Yeah. Is it bothering the background noise.
Dr Jameson: No. OK. OK.
Dr Jameson: OK, let me know if that changes. And so the point of today's is this visit is to sort of just determine if and what sort of substance use problem. There may be and then just a general medical overview and then decide about treatment options if applicable.
Dr Jameson: And is it primarily mess that you've been struggling with. Is that right, yes.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so I'm going to just kind of back up a little bit and ask some basic questions like are you allergic to any medications.
Dr Jameson: And are you prescribing medications.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: That's easy.
Dr Jameson: Um, let's see. Have you had any operations or major illnesses hospitalizations.
Modoc County: Make reparations.
Modoc County: 2018
Modoc County: So I got a metal plate my forehead and I got to fix my arm, and I got my foot.
Dr Jameson: So you really
Dr Jameson: Can't get in a wreck.
Dr Jameson: All right. Yes, it was a car accident.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so you said your hand your foot.
Your forehead.
Modoc County: Scar from year to year.
Oh,
Dr Jameson: Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: So skull fractures, I guess.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I'm sorry. How long ago. What did you say that was
Modoc County: Making
Modoc County: Right.
Dr Jameson: Wow.
Dr Jameson: Skull minus three constructive and you said your left your left. What do you say foot leg.
Modoc County: Metal metal plate here in the middle pain here on Bo Bo's
Uh huh.
Modoc County: On my right foot and got the three policy to me on
Modoc County: My heels right middle of making
Dr Jameson: Wow.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: That sounds like a lot of rehab.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, and a lot of pain, probably, um, besides all that. No, you don't have like all your, your appendix, and your tonsils and basic stuff. Like, that's all intact.
Dr Jameson: And then anything that runs in your family with any. I mean, obviously, typically drug alcohol substance abuse problems, but anything in general.
Modoc County: Know,
Dr Jameson: If your parents are both living
Modoc County: I know I must pass Leah.
Dr Jameson: Did she die from on accident or medical problem.
Dr Jameson: A lot recently or was a while back.
Dr Jameson: Sorry.
Modoc County: Yes, or
Dr Jameson: No. Do you know what type of cancer was
Yes.
Dr Jameson: You're getting all the screenings that they recommended if any for yourself. Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so nobody that struggled with.
Dr Jameson: Substance abuse or alcohol, uncles, cousins siblings.
Modoc County: Yeah, sure.
Modoc County: I don't know.
Modoc County: My sister. She's my sisters. They struggle.
Dr Jameson: With math or something else.
Modoc County: With method now.
Dr Jameson: How about your dad.
No.
Dr Jameson: Okay so sisters and then other others as well and samples are mainly just
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Are you well. Are you on disability with all this accident stuffer.
Modoc County: Essence
Dr Jameson: Of birth.
Modoc County: Social Security card and all that.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so I just to make sure I heard you. You're in the process of applying and getting on disability. Is that right, yes.
Dr Jameson: I will kind of work, were you doing, if any, before the accident.
Dr Jameson: And how much work coming. How much school did you finish.
Dr Jameson: Who do you live with.
Modoc County: Make my group my girlfriend or my fiance.
Modoc County: Just need her
Dr Jameson: Okay, and you have kids.
Modoc County: Yes, have one
Dr Jameson: Where's where's your child living
Modoc County: With her with grandma.
Modoc County: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Is, is your, is your fiance her mom or
Dr Jameson: Yeah, okay, how old is your daughter.
Dr Jameson: I suppose, baby.
Dr Jameson: Is that
Dr Jameson: Like a custody thing I've got your brand your her
Modoc County: Her yeah we're at we're trying to get her back right now with the CBS thing is
Modoc County: So, yeah.
Dr Jameson: So it's her your Fiance's mom that has her or your yeah Bobby Flay okay your mom.
Dr Jameson: Says, your, your Fiance's
Dr Jameson: In treatment or what's her status.
Modoc County: No, she's not right now.
Dr Jameson: But she's using or know
Dr Jameson: In the, in the past.
Modoc County: No. Well, no, it's, it's not. It's a pretty big ordeal. And I haven't really discussed
Dr Jameson: Okay, I'm just, I'm asking more for, like, what's your support system and environment like that you live in. As far as how how how
Dr Jameson: Supportive it will be for you to work on sobriety. That's my but she's not active she's not currently using. We'll leave it at that. Okay. Um, and then
Dr Jameson: Primarily math. But have there been other drugs. I'm away.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Anything that you know has been a while. Tell me more about I have used. I mean, I assume you're on pain meds for some time.
Modoc County: Taking payments, because I
Modoc County: Obviously the
Modoc County: Most difficult for a long time. And then we're using them after the red. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So we're using them before the records that way me
Modoc County: Yeah, it was using I was using a reporter and then after I was on
Modoc County: A took me off the face, certainly from being on five or six units morphine every four hours that tonight and came down really hard. I just didn't like
Modoc County: I thought with the pain.
Dr Jameson: See just did that cold turkey on your own.
Modoc County: Yeah, so have a lot of hate.
Modoc County: Me for it but i don't i don't take over this because I don't want to have
Dr Jameson: Wow, good for you, um,
Dr Jameson: Any other like not Neurontin earlier or anything else for
Modoc County: A while.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: So you were, were using more than prescribed at one point. Is that what you're saying.
Modoc County: Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: All right, you didn't ever. Did you ever take them any other way than swallowing pills.
Modoc County: And yeah.
Dr Jameson: Anything that was injected or
Dr Jameson: snorting yeah okay
Dr Jameson: All right.
Dr Jameson: And then how about alcohol.
Modoc County: Yeah.
Modoc County: What I did for a while.
Dr Jameson: Okay. When did you stop.
Dr Jameson: Yes.
Dr Jameson: Approximately nine
Modoc County: Years ago I stopped drinking heavy
Modoc County: Heavy or something.
Modoc County: Later.
Dr Jameson: After the wreck. Again, my guess. But
Modoc County: Yeah. Before we wrap this up.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right.
Dr Jameson: And then how about marijuana
And he
Dr Jameson: Currently now. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Every day, or how do you
Dr Jameson: Well, how much
Modoc County: Not very much. It's just
Dr Jameson: Usually at night, like what
Modoc County: I usually do today.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: And any other benzo cocaine.
Dr Jameson: No. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So, so you were taking prescription opiates, they stopped them and you basically just did went through the withdrawal on your own. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And that was sorry. How long ago was that
Modoc County: After I read
I see.
Dr Jameson: Okay so 2009 teen by then you think, or
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Well, they didn't take you down or anything.
Modoc County: No.
Dr Jameson: All right, and then tell me more about how where's the house the math spin. When did you start using that and
Modoc County: Why I use that pain is, but I have a problem with that. So looking at China did you
Dr Jameson: Did you start using that after you stop opiates or
Modoc County: Before
Dr Jameson: Like, how old were you when you started anything
Dr Jameson: And when at one point did you realize it was a problem.
Dr Jameson: Right away, or to take a while or
Modoc County: Just recently is
Dr Jameson: OK.
Dr Jameson: In the last six, you know, since your daughter was born or
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: What other people have said it was a problem before six months ago, do you think, yes.
Dr Jameson: How long ago would you say other people would have decided it would have had that opinion.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Has it been interfering with well you graduated high school
Dr Jameson: And then you are working
Dr Jameson: Was an intern, like how what kind of challenges does that present
Modoc County: It was probably my life.
Dr Jameson: Okay, but you've been using it daily. Yeah, pretty much. Since you were 17
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right, so now it's a problem, mainly because of the Custody Situation is that your biggest
Modoc County: Factor.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: How long ago did you
Dr Jameson: Did that happen.
Dr Jameson: How long ago did you lose custody.
Modoc County: Oh, six months ago.
Dr Jameson: So really, at the time, she was born. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Any up any legal
Dr Jameson: issues as well, or I guess that's sort of a legal issue. But you know what I mean, are you at your, are you on probation or parole or
Dr Jameson: Do you have a license like can you drive or, you know,
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay. So currently, how much math every been like lace lately. How much are you using
Modoc County: Well, right now.
Modoc County: For you guys
Dr Jameson: Okay. How long ago did you
Modoc County: Go to go
Okay.
Dr Jameson: So before that. How much are you
Dr Jameson: Pretty much all day or
Modoc County: Well, not all
Modoc County: Yeah.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Um,
Dr Jameson: I guess how much were you spending. Would you say
Dr Jameson: How has it been since you stopped.
Modoc County: How's it been
Dr Jameson: Know how have you been feeling. I mean, what, how is it
Modoc County: Oh, just
Modoc County: tired all the time.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Do you have cravings and
Dr Jameson: Are you sleeping too much or not.
Dr Jameson: Okay, um,
Dr Jameson: So let's see what at what time you go to bed at night.
Modoc County: In various with my head injury. I sometimes I don't sleep at all.
Hmm.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: So yeah, that TBI to I was that I was meant to asset earlier. I heard one big skull fracture there. That's not a big surprise, I guess.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Alright. Are you doing cap actively doing cap. I mean, they're like PT, OT. And are you doing any
Dr Jameson: Okay, before that you are though.
Modoc County: No, not really. It just says here visiting with her talking the greatest stuff.
Okay.
Modoc County: So,
Dr Jameson: What sort of specialist sorry he
Dr Jameson: Behavior. Okay. Okay. So you do counseling.
Dr Jameson: Good. How long have you been doing that.
Modoc County: For about six months now.
Dr Jameson: And
Dr Jameson: Has been how I mean, I guess.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, good question.
Dr Jameson: But are you finding that
Dr Jameson: helpful or interesting or
Modoc County: Useful. Yes.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Do you have PTSD.
Dr Jameson: From the accident or from before that.
Dr Jameson: You don't, I'm not asking for details. But like little young kid kind of age or teams or
Modoc County: 2006 put those
Modoc County: As pretty hard for you.
Dr Jameson: Oh, gosh.
Dr Jameson: It's terrible. It's horrifying.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I said, you know, not supposed to know how to handle that. That's not supposed to happen.
Dr Jameson: I'm glad that you're
Dr Jameson: Glad that you're in counseling. I asked because, well, first of all, I know you had this big accident yourself. But second of all, we have a very high
Dr Jameson: Percentage of our patients. I would say that have PTSD from from one thing or another. So it's, it's very, very common. There's a lot of trying to forget or trying not to feel those feelings that people are
You know,
Dr Jameson: Right, so, so, so will come, will come back to that, I'm sure. But you know, I think one. I think the counseling is really
Dr Jameson: Probably more important at the end of the day than any medications that we give people to try to help with some symptoms. Because if we're not working on the underlying cause of the problem from all directions. We are going to have a hard time
Dr Jameson: You know,
Dr Jameson: Thriving I guess going forward. So I'm glad you're I'm glad you're JC is that weekly. You see the counselor.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Are there any groups or anything, or is it just
Modoc County: Going to groups and stuff, but will arrive Harris shut down.
Dr Jameson: Okay. And is it
Modoc County: And then we do a groups here.
Modoc County: As well.
Dr Jameson: I they primarily like na or PTSD or
Modoc County: Air. There was use
Dr Jameson: Good. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Have you been diagnosed with any other like bipolar depression, anxiety, any other
Modoc County: Depression and
Modoc County: Depression.
Modoc County: Etc.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Okay. Any suicide attempt summer.
Modoc County: Yeah, we're back.
Dr Jameson: Sorry, I was of course the worst time to say, say it again, but I couldn't he said after your brother, you had a couple of times. Is that what you said.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay. And then what do you say after that.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so, um,
Dr Jameson: Did you have to be hospitalized with a significant
Dr Jameson: Was it
Dr Jameson: Like what did you do
Modoc County: Oh, just
Modoc County: Oh, just try to shoot myself a couple times with the data to go off in a dog.
Dr Jameson: Wow.
Dr Jameson: All right.
Dr Jameson: Do you have a weapon now.
Dr Jameson: Is that something that you think about lately at all.
Modoc County: No, no.
It's
Dr Jameson: That desperate, you know, desperate pain feeling is just
Modoc County: Our experiences and I I come to
Modoc County: Stop.
Modoc County: I feel that
Modoc County: I fell asleep so
Modoc County: I can do dances.
Dr Jameson: Well, I'm really glad to go off to
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Are you spiritual at all do. Yes. Okay. Do you, well, I know. Nothing's happening right now do, but I know a lot of places doing online stuff. Now, are you do go to a
Dr Jameson: Congregation of some sort, regularly or
Modoc County: No, no.
Dr Jameson: Just something that's
Dr Jameson: Just, just but
Dr Jameson: I think it's
Dr Jameson: Still good to have that
Dr Jameson: Okay, and then
Dr Jameson: Oh, do you smoke cigarettes.
Dr Jameson: Sorry, yes.
Dr Jameson: How much
Dr Jameson: Is that down from before about how you been
Dr Jameson: Okay. Um, are there any
Dr Jameson: Other things you think it's important for me to know that I haven't asked you about
Modoc County: No.
Dr Jameson: The zillion questions later. So I guess I okay so I have a couple
Dr Jameson: Okay. Well, first of all, did they explain to you how are how our program is is like structured
Modoc County: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So we have weekly meet. We actually have group we with a group based program as well. We do meet weekly groups, I guess you don't have a phone or an iPad or something. That's why you're at the clinic.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and that will be something you'll have access to, once a week.
Modoc County: Yeah, yeah, what's the
Dr Jameson: Secret. Okay. Um, so it doesn't absolutely have to be with me. If the schedule doesn't work, we can find a different group, but my California groups are on Wednesdays typically
Dr Jameson: guess you'd need something that's during office hours.
When they happen.
Dr Jameson: Which is fine. My, my two groups. My two groups on Wednesday are at. Hold on, because I have to calculate the time difference. I just wanna make sure I say Reich's I mess it up all the time 10:30am and noon.
Dr Jameson: I do have groups on Tuesdays as well. And then we have plenty of other doctors, if you're there. What day did you just say you're there Monday.
Modoc County: Oh, yes.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: So we can also, if, if, if that's what you were hoping for. We can probably find a Monday group for you to
Dr Jameson: It's basically what's most most convenient, but will be easiest for you to be able to attend really, you know, can consistently.
Dr Jameson: I'm so
Dr Jameson: Is there a certain time of day that's best and
Modoc County: No one will yeah for you guys for us to yeah for Monday's it'll be fine from like nine to like 11 to 12. It just depends. Um,
Modoc County: What we only do it on Mondays and we do it here only like to wear the veil, we really get the patient to come in or the doctors, the patient to come and then we'll move things around and try to see if we can get them face to face.
Modoc County: But so far with the program was only having so many people. We just started on Monday, so far.
Dr Jameson: Okay. And do you have other patients that are already
Dr Jameson: Attending a group with us on Mondays.
Modoc County: They are seeing a doctor on Mondays groups and things like that they have
Modoc County: Okay, yeah, kind of like individually.
Modoc County: Groups.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I mean, I guess the coronavirus does present a little bit of a
Dr Jameson: Question mark. But in general, like this would be interesting. You know where I worked before we did you know we all sat in a room. When did a group
Dr Jameson: And normally it is and then we then we moved to the zoom thing. But if if there was a way to have a group in your facility that was, you know, all of you guys there and just the doctor and the counselor on the on the video. I guess that's probably
Modoc County: Good ideas were yeah
Dr Jameson: Okay, so I'll have to find out. Sometimes I feel like I'm the last
Dr Jameson: I'll find out what the, what the plan is. But for now, so it sounds like will be it'll be a Monday of some sort.
Dr Jameson: And you come every week and. That's a twofer. So there's the counselor that runs the meeting and you talk about recovery skills and relapse prevention and
Dr Jameson: Whatever else is going on that you need to talk about. Sometimes it's how we're all handling the coronavirus quarantine or, you know, just whatever the holiday that's coming up or something and then
Dr Jameson: The doctors there too. So if you're on a prescription. Many of our patients are opiate patients, but not all. But anyway, so if there's a medication involved. We will will do the refill at the same time. So it's like two, two and one. Basically, and then we do
Dr Jameson: Include counseling in the program, although that can be done locally. It doesn't have to be with one of our counselors necessarily
Dr Jameson: We do need you to meet with one of our counselors at least once, and then every so often for touch bases. If you're seeing a local counselor, we call it a bio psychosocial evaluation.
Modoc County: Because, for sure.
Dr Jameson: So that would happen regardless. But then if you're in involved in your establish with a counselor, I think, unless there's a compelling reason to change. I wouldn't necessarily
Dr Jameson: Suggest that we disrupt you know what you've already got
Set up
Modoc County: Here.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so
Dr Jameson: Usually, once you've established that relationship. It's
Dr Jameson: Best to leave it, let it, let it do it, let it continue it's it's it's self.
Dr Jameson: And then there's initial lab work that they talk to you about that. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Well, we generally do some blood work and urine.
Dr Jameson: As an initial screen and and then we check for which, if you've had labs recently that
Dr Jameson: Are all the things that we would need, then we can just get copies of the labs. It doesn't have to be a whole new lab draw. If you have me test.
Dr Jameson: HIV, hepatitis, you know, some of the things we worry about with people that inject and then some other basic you know chemistries, and blood counts and stuff like that. And then I get her in drug screen.
Dr Jameson: So do you think you've had labs recently.
Yeah.
Modoc County: Yeah, just over
Dr Jameson: Perfect.
Dr Jameson: That works great. Yeah, good. So we can just get copies of that and make sure I'm sure it probably is pretty complete but if there's anything missing, then we can always just add the
Dr Jameson: Get the missing piece that I think that's probably fine.
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: After that, um, this is different. Again, because you have this facility there that I guess can do some testing for us. Normally we mail people a urine cup every month that they do at home, but maybe we're doing something different.
Modoc County: Maybe we're not really
Modoc County: Here and then we pass over the results to you. Great.
Dr Jameson: That's perfect handy.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so that's kind of the general structure. We usually start out, we have to talk about whether medication is going to be
Dr Jameson: Part of your, your program or not. But if you are on medication. We start out with pretty short once at one a week one week for medicine and then as time goes on, we sort of gradually
Dr Jameson: You earn your longer prescription
Dr Jameson: Do they do you have a firm in in house pharmacy there or
Modoc County: Do you have to pharmacies in our small town either writing or less.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Modoc County: Ready. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so, um,
Dr Jameson: There's, there is a medication, which is so it's sort of a surprising.
Dr Jameson: Surprising but there's a drug called REM Iran or mortality.
Dr Jameson: Which
Dr Jameson: It's actually, it's weird. It's an antidepressant. I don't think it's a very good anti depressant, but it is technically in any depressant. Most of the time it's used these days to help people sleep that it's dating. So we haven't had people taking it at bedtime.
Dr Jameson: I don't know who figured it out. But somehow I think accidentally it was discovered that it seems to help decrease method methamphetamine use and people that struggle so
Dr Jameson: That is an option.
Dr Jameson: Some people actually find the Suboxone helps with methamphetamine cravings as well, which is the drug that we typically use for opiate dependence.
Modoc County: Right. Why
Modoc County: Not to not to interrupt, but
Dr Jameson: No, no.
Yeah.
Modoc County: He was
Modoc County: If he needs to pray for somebody
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so I mean it sounds like you do. You did also have a physical dependence on opiates at one time and that's
Dr Jameson: Not something that goes away. Really, as you probably know, I mean, if you were to start taking opiates. Now you would likely get right back to where you had been
Dr Jameson: So, you, you, you probably meet criteria. Just, just by the fact that you had had to go through withdrawal from opiates before
Dr Jameson: I mean, ended up that unless you're are you if unless you tell me you're having cravings for opiates. I wouldn't necessarily suggest
Dr Jameson: It's sort of, it's an optional thing but it wouldn't necessarily be necessary for the opioid piece. But as far as meth methamphetamine goes meet that we do sometimes see that it helps, at least in some degree.
Dr Jameson: So is that something you were, well, how much do you know about Suboxone. Are you familiar with it. What do you
Modoc County: Really, really.
Modoc County: Really research and stuff like that so
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Modoc County: I take it before on the street.
Mm hmm.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so you didn't have any side effects.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Um, okay. So in this case, if since you're not currently using opiates and then you go to, I don't know what this red spot on my face is by the way. Sorry, I'm
Dr Jameson: Looking at myself in the camera like over
Dr Jameson: You would be someone that I would worry a little bit about developing like constipation and some of the side effects that
Dr Jameson: Normally people that are already on opiates, they kind of are already have all that stuff. And when we just move you from whatever you're taking to the Suboxone it's like not really a different difference
Dr Jameson: But if you haven't been taking any and now you add that we would, you know, we do need to watch for, like, constipation, dry mouth sedation, not so much the nation, but
Dr Jameson: The patient anyone
Modoc County: At all.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so, and I would probably also start a lower dose than we would, you know, ordinarily, when we're pulling somebody from heroin. You know, we start relatively higher
Dr Jameson: What so I don't repeat things you already know. What do you know about how it works. I don't want to bore
Modoc County: This watching this puts in place where the pain receptors are
Modoc County: I mean, I'm pretty educated on it, really.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Research is okay. Well, no. That's why I asked, because I don't want it.
Modoc County: You started reading it for
Modoc County: For the message, you know,
Modoc County: You know, stop my current user or, you know, make and the way we were talking about it is you know if I have a craving and just take a little bit of that. And, you know, see where we're at, you know,
Modoc County: Small, like you said,
Dr Jameson: Yeah. The other way that I could see it helping you is that it actually has an anti it as an analgesic meaning of pain.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so
Dr Jameson: I'm not necessarily sure I'd recommend you do it. Just here and there. Like, I think if we did it. We want to get it into as like a steady state in your body, more or less.
Dr Jameson: So that we kind of stabilize things as much as we can.
Dr Jameson: Obviously pain is not necessarily a steady state issue, right. So I realized, but but I think that's probably a better way to use it. Then, then we don't usually have people just taking in here and just taking it.
Dr Jameson: It is an interesting. There is an interesting phenomenon with with this drug which I, I, I still haven't
Dr Jameson: Thought of any other drug that I know of that really works this way but
Dr Jameson: Normally it's we know it's a very long acting drug which is good because it kind of gets in the system and then it it takes a gradually much long, you know, sort of a slower point to which you would start developing withdrawal symptoms.
Dr Jameson: Most of our patients don't feel comfortable just taking it once a day because I think they're used to, you know, repeatedly dosing themselves once a day just seems like
Dr Jameson: Not enough so most of our patients, which is, it doesn't really matter. Most of our patients split the dose at least twice a day.
Dr Jameson: There's a funny.
Dr Jameson: Little thing about the medication for when you're using it for pain. It actually works better if you do break it into more frequent doses flip throughout the day. So
Dr Jameson: Even if you're taking a total of four milligrams a day, which would be a low dose. So normally would have. You didn't even say take two and two. To start, I don't know. I'm just making, making up numbers, but something relatively low
Dr Jameson: For pain. It might, you might give better pain relief. If you took one milligram four times a day instead of two and two or four all at once. So for that reason, we might have you space it into smaller more frequent doses to see if you can get your pain, a little bit better.
Dr Jameson: I think it's important to mention that you would be calm physically dependent on this. If you were to add it right so right now.
Dr Jameson: You you had an opiate dependency at one time. You haven't taken any recently, but once we start you on it, then you'd have to taper off of it again and have withdrawal symptoms. So I that is an important
Dr Jameson: Factor. I think there are there are other like gabapentin Lyrica and other ways we could you know potentially start as far as pain goes if we were if that is a concern of yours.
Dr Jameson: So I do, I do just want to kind of throw that out there.
Dr Jameson: What do you think about that.
Yeah.
Modoc County: Yeah.
Modoc County: So, I mean, yeah, I'm good with it. You know, I'm just going to try and see where we're at, you know,
Modoc County: With
Dr Jameson: With with the Gabba pensioner with Suboxone
Modoc County: You're
Dr Jameson: Okay. I mean, I'm okay. I'm okay with it too. But I do want to just, you know, sometimes people are upset when they realize now they're addicted to or dependent on the Suboxone so i don't i didn't want to not
Dr Jameson: mention it.
Dr Jameson: But as long as you're okay with that concept then I'm okay. I'm okay with it, too. I just want to
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Um, and just because you're on Suboxone doesn't mean you couldn't also take gabapentin Lyrica or Cymbalta or something else. So it's not like it has to be one or the other.
Dr Jameson: And we could also we get started with the box. We'll see how it's going. But if you know depending on how it is. We could also add the restaurant because they're totally different types of drugs, they
Dr Jameson: Work different ways and different chemical, you know, different receptors and everything so
Dr Jameson: I don't really in general like starting multiple things at once if we don't have to because it
Modoc County: Just gets
Dr Jameson: Confusing and messy. What's causing what but just to keep that in the back of your mind, that's also something we could come back to
Dr Jameson: When you
Dr Jameson: Took it before. Was it the film or the tablet and you know if it was Suboxone or sub you text.
Mm hmm.
Dr Jameson: You know if it was Suboxone or some new text.
Dr Jameson: Box. Okay. All right.
Dr Jameson: Um,
Dr Jameson: And then again, just to be clear, which you probably know if you've done your, your research, which it sounds like you have the spot the difference between those two, which you probably know is that the Suboxone has some some some new text plus naloxone to make Suboxone
Dr Jameson: The naloxone is Narcan
Dr Jameson: Which is there really is a passenger like if it's taken the way it's designed and it dissolves under your tongue and gets absorbed through your
Dr Jameson: mucosal membrane there no oxygen is not really absorbed that way very well at all. So most of it just passes right through you.
Dr Jameson: The reason it's there is because some people get creative with what the way they want to ingest this stuff. And if it is melted and shot or crushed, and snorted. If it's a tablet, then you get your no locks on our can and then
Dr Jameson: You know you don't feel so good. So it's more of a deterrent for
Dr Jameson: Misuse then necessarily part of the treatment and sometimes people think they're getting our can or that the Narcan is the blocker and it's not. It's the buprenorphine which is the the opiate the main ingredient in there. That's what's doing the blocking
Dr Jameson: Just, just so you know.
Dr Jameson: And in your case, it is not really relevant, but you
Dr Jameson: I just think it's important. Everybody knows that if you were to take this
Dr Jameson: If someone who had been using opiates recently like today or last night were to take a dose of Suboxone without waiting until they were already feeling sick, you know about this part if it will make you sick. If you take it too soon.
Dr Jameson: Have you heard about that. No.
Dr Jameson: Okay. All right.
Dr Jameson: I am not in any way endorsing you ever sharing your medicine with anybody at all. But I just think it's important that everybody knows all of this stuff just
Dr Jameson: Just so you know.
Dr Jameson: Um, okay. So what I would have you gotten any other appointment scheduled yet or not yet.
Dr Jameson: No. Okay, so
Dr Jameson: We like to get the bio psychosocial scheduled as early as soon as possible. It sounds like a Monday is going to be the best day for you.
Dr Jameson: So maybe they can set that up for next Monday.
Dr Jameson: And then I need to get back to you with specifics on when unless you already know what time the group there is meeting and can tell me I don't
Know we don't we use. OK.
Modoc County: OK.
Dr Jameson: OK. OK.
Dr Jameson: So we'll figure out what the plan is on that and then
Dr Jameson: What I can do is send the initial prescription
Dr Jameson: We generally do
Dr Jameson: No more than a week. But sometimes we do shorter supplies to ensure that like appointments get scheduled and what, in your case, you don't need to get your labs done per se.
Dr Jameson: Other than when's the last time you did a drug screen.
Modoc County: Here. No, it doesn't need to be that'd be done today. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Yeah. Maybe we'll do that. Do your crops test for well today, it won't matter because you haven't started it yet, but do your, your tests include buprenorphine, I assume. Yeah, I'm sure somebody already question.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so
Dr Jameson: I'm just a bit i guess i guess i'll send the script. First of all, I gotta run you through the cure system. Hold on.
Dr Jameson: I don't know if you know what that is, but it's a database to make sure you're not getting medicine from two different doctors or
Modoc County: Something
Dr Jameson: But they require that we check, everybody. And then we run it every month.
Dr Jameson: A lot harder than it used to be people to
Dr Jameson: Do funny business.
Dr Jameson: I still live in New Hampshire and
Dr Jameson: Right on the, you know, there's a section of New Hampshire where main is right here in Massachusetts is right. You like within 15 miles and nice direction.
Dr Jameson: And oh, this would be a big problem.
Dr Jameson: But now nowadays.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: 838 87 right
Dr Jameson: The other thing I would
Dr Jameson: Add when the last go to 87. Yeah. You don't even come up. So I guess that means you haven't had any controlled substances in a while.
Modoc County: Yeah yeah
Dr Jameson: Save search for June my list.
Dr Jameson: Well, maybe it will be a different doctor. But anyway, I'll put you in for now.
Dr Jameson: Um,
Dr Jameson: Gosh, I lost my train of thought, oh, oh, PTSD, we have. Do you know if you have anyone there that does em, Dr.
Modoc County: It was suggested to one of our clients but they haven't really followed through with it and get more information or anything.
Dr Jameson: From us or
Dr Jameson: Yeah, yeah, okay, because we have a we have accounts are now that
Dr Jameson: performs the, the, you know, provides the therapy. The procedure or whatever you want to call it.
Dr Jameson: But it's, it's something that sometimes there are local people that can do too. So I just wanted to throw that out there too. I, I think.
Dr Jameson: Not instantly, but it might be something to consider. At some point in this in this process for you. Do you know what I'm talking about at all or no idea. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Fair enough. It's, it's
Dr Jameson: It sounds totally wonky. Like, I don't
Dr Jameson: I get it there. You'd be like, okay, but
Dr Jameson: It's a, it's a technique which
Dr Jameson: Mimics your REM sleep, you know, the rapid eye movement.
Dr Jameson: And you're awake, though, but they use certain sequence and moving your eyes back and forth. And the purpose of it what what it's meant and what it's meant to do is help get them the memories that are associated with the trauma that you've had in your life and kind of trigger usually
Dr Jameson: Kind of the definition of PTSD triggers strong emotional sensations or etc.
Dr Jameson: The theory is that the memory kind of got stuck because it was so traumatic your being was never able to process it and like file it into the memory been
Dr Jameson: With all the other memories from when you know, years ago and it's like, stuck in the central area of your brain and it continues to kind of fester and create discomfort. Anyway, it's a way of like put moving it into the helping your brain actually like
Dr Jameson: Properly file it away. So it's not erasing the memory, but it's take it's taking away the emotional. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I'm torn up sort of torment that that it's currently associated with
Dr Jameson: I first heard about it from a nurse that I worked with in an urgent care and the and the x ray tech. We were sitting around one day, years ago.
Dr Jameson: And they, I don't know how it came up, but somehow it came up and they turned out they both undergone it because they both witnessed traumatic things
Dr Jameson: In their lives and worked beautifully for both and they were the ones that first explain how kind of how it works. Anyway, and I've been sort of curious, but I was still thought
Dr Jameson: Okay. And then I've, you know, the more I've been working in this area, and I've met the Serena is her name of the therapist that works for us who does this and she explained it again. She actually also was a patient before she was a therapist about it. So she experienced it from the
Dr Jameson: You know the other side first, and was so passionate because it works so well for her that she looked you later got trained to do it herself so
Dr Jameson: It's definitely sounds like it's worth a try. I don't think there's a lot of risk to her town side, you do need to be in a mental place where you're, you know, able to even
Dr Jameson: Raise the memories to talk about them. But, and so that's something that, you know, might be to discuss with your counselor before we embarked on it but just to throw it out there as an option because I think it's
Dr Jameson: It's pretty it's pretty incredible. When it works really well, which it seems to do so.
Dr Jameson: Just to throw that into the mix, too.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so let me send a prescription
Dr Jameson: I would recommend we start pretty low on the dose. I mean, our goal is maybe
Dr Jameson: You know, to sort of try to deal with pain control a little bit and then at the same time, observe whether you do or don't notice any change in the amount of cravings that you have for mass
Dr Jameson: I kind of in a way I sort of hate this question, but
Dr Jameson: Do you have, I'm sure it's been asked you before, like how do you rate your pain late usually lately.
Modoc County: An everyday scale, I would say probably six
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Modoc County: My name is not always yet. So, I mean, that's the biggest problem and flip
Modoc County: Every day when I wake up.
Modoc County: Soon as I hit my feet hurt.
Okay.
Modoc County: So,
Dr Jameson: Uh huh. So
Dr Jameson: Obviously comes in. I mean, it's never going to be completely flat, but so six is kind of the baseline and then you have
Modoc County: You know, no, no matter what.
Dr Jameson: So we have something to compare with us. I went to
Dr Jameson: Where, where we're starting. Okay, so, um, the film was okay. You didn't have a problem. Some people don't like the taste.
Dr Jameson: It comes in a tablet to
Modoc County: Yes. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And then you
Dr Jameson: Some of the
Dr Jameson: Maybe I'm sorry, I should have asked you what what is your name.
Modoc County: My name is Maya.
Dr Jameson: Hi. Sorry. No, sir. Do you happen to know if some of the California I think it's maybe this medical they they they prefer the Suboxone brand. Do you know if that's
Modoc County: Oh,
Dr Jameson: If you don't know, it's okay.
Modoc County: If they want the training or just the generic name.
Dr Jameson: I've never
Dr Jameson: It's the weirdest thing. There's
Dr Jameson: Medical I believe they
Dr Jameson: Won't let us right substitution of okay like we have to say brand name only. Weird.
Dr Jameson: Backwards. To me, but anyway. Alright, well I'll write it kind of normal first because I'm not sure which which plan if beacon is the same as the other. I don't know.
Dr Jameson: And if they need us to change it. I will change it, but I think I'm going to start with the two milligrams flashpoint five films.
Dr Jameson: And
Dr Jameson: I
Dr Jameson: Well, we could. You could start by taking it one in the morning and one at night and then
Dr Jameson: Or we can have you take a half, four times a day. I don't, I don't feel strongly one way or the other. I guess I think it'll work better for pain if you like I was saying earlier, if you put it into small into half's
Modoc County: Okay.
Dr Jameson: If that's okay with you.
Dr Jameson: And then we have to assess and see
Dr Jameson: A first of all that it doesn't bother you, now that you aren't taking opiates every day. Otherwise, and
Dr Jameson: Be how it does with pain.
Dr Jameson: At least to start
Dr Jameson: Okay, so I'm gonna send a week supply because presumably your group is going to happen. Monday.
Dr Jameson: We have well I normally offer a recheck kind of so many days in to see how it's going. I don't know if you would even be able to
Dr Jameson: Have half get in to do a visit say Friday or Thursday.
Modoc County: Friday we're close.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so not Friday.
Dr Jameson: Fair enough.
Modoc County: Elements and not only nurse so far.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right, and you don't you don't. I'm just confirming, you don't have a phone or a smartphone yourself right
Modoc County: Well, my girlfriend, she hurt her. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I mean, it's
Dr Jameson: I'm not trying to rock the boat. But yeah, I mean if we do have other patients you borrow somebody else's phone and you know you wear headphones and you go in a private place but
Dr Jameson: Technically, it doesn't have to necessarily be your personal phone
Modoc County: Rarely here.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so it's it's just an option, just because it's a whole weekend we're, we're also, you know, it's, we're tinkering, you were starting out, we're testing the dose and and sort of tight trading because I
Dr Jameson: If it doesn't, if you don't know as a single thing you might want to have a follow up between now and then to talk about changing the dose.
Modoc County: Would be good, we'll just try Monday and we will discuss
Modoc County: A good minute to figure it out.
Dr Jameson: Sure, yeah, I'm okay with that too. I just, I guess. Yeah, if you're having an issue. You can always
Dr Jameson: call in and and we can try to
Dr Jameson: Walk you through downloading zoom on your girlfriend's my fiance's phone and
Modoc County: Your shoes. Well,
Dr Jameson: Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: Because it's not just the phone. It's having internet
Dr Jameson: That
Dr Jameson: That works reliably. So that can be heard.
Modoc County: As well as we all know, our people like living things that are in town of our town, our town, they don't
Dr Jameson: You know, we have
Dr Jameson: A lot of patients that have, you know, well,
Dr Jameson: Claimed to have inconsistent.
Dr Jameson: Internet. I don't, you know, you never know, but it is nice to have this kind of hardwired
Dr Jameson: option here. So what, uh, let's see. It's a Rite Aid. Is that what you had said.
Dr Jameson: All right, let me see if it comes up. Is it north Main Street, and I'll tourists.
Yes.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: So I'm going to send it's gonna be, let me just make sure I'm doing it. It'll be a total of two a day but you're going to break them in half and split them throughout the day, but it'll still be 14 for the seven day supply just double checking myself.
Dr Jameson: To get my special code.
Dr Jameson: So there can be some delays. It's a pharmacy. So sometimes they don't have especially this to milligram doses, less commonly used in the eight or more often use sometimes they have to order it.
Dr Jameson: Sometimes there's a prior off often there's a prior off. Let's be honest. So, which is a form that we fill out and get back to them. So I would just
Dr Jameson: Call the pharmacy in the next hour to a confirm they received the electronic prescription, which I just sent and then
Dr Jameson: Any idea when it might be ready and then that's when they. Oh, we have to order it or you need a private like you get a little bit of feedback about what what the situation is.
Major
Dr Jameson: Say, Dan.
Modoc County: I said I can be the one to major at
All and you go, okay.
Modoc County: When we're done with it. So I just wanted to make sure
Dr Jameson: She. Yeah. And then, if I may, for the prior off automatically if it needs one and we have a staff member that fills them out and send it back. So it's not
Dr Jameson: Necessarily that part doesn't take a long time unless she happens to have a whole bunch of them all at once, or something, sometimes takes a little bit of time.
Dr Jameson: But with they have to order it. That's can put a kink in it. So we sometimes will do, you know, okay, give him the aid and he'll cut it into quarters or that would still be a double dose, I guess. But sometimes we do something to try to
Dr Jameson: Fill
Dr Jameson: fill the gap but so be in touch with our virtual clinic, if anything, sounds like it needs adjusting and then I'll ask have you been working with Jamie or RG and I guess.
Modoc County: Our Jane and I go, primary
Dr Jameson: Okay, so I'll, I'll follow up with them about what what we're planning for the
Dr Jameson: Group time
Dr Jameson: And and you said sometime between nine and noon would be I ending by noon or could start at noon.
Modoc County: My lunchtime, so
Modoc County: But I mean, that's fine, whatever needs to be
Dr Jameson: I mean, I guess.
Dr Jameson: Um, you tell. Well obviously we, I mean, we want to make it as convenient as possible. So you're saying you'd rather be done by noon. Is that what you're saying. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, no.
Dr Jameson: But I mean, the other thing is that once it gets going. I mean, I don't, I don't know. But what's the expectation, you were going to sit in in the group or you're just gonna have set it up and let them do their thing.
Modoc County: Right.
Modoc County: Okay, I'm gonna have to be the one to write notes and make sure the prescriptions are all there and
Modoc County: Problems. Then they call me call you guys
Dr Jameson: Oh, OK.
Dr Jameson: OK.
OK.
Dr Jameson: OK, that's fine. I
Dr Jameson: We, right now, it's what we do, anyway. Okay, that's fine. So I will say something either 910 or 11 on Mondays is ideal. So we basically need to find one of our counselors and one of our doctors to do that, I guess.
Dr Jameson: That's 12 one or two for me.
Dr Jameson: I wonder if
Dr Jameson: That might be doable for my schedule. I don't real currently I don't do any groups on Mondays, but
Dr Jameson: Anyway, what we'll figure that part out. Um, let's see if they have somebody already slated i don't i'm not i'm not
Dr Jameson: Okay, do you have any question. What questions can I answer for you if any
Modoc County: Good.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: How about sorry. Say it one more time.
Dr Jameson: My not Nyah, like with an M and N
Within
Dr Jameson: Not now. Yeah. Okay. My sister's dog is named Nyah, sorry, but it's I think it's a pretty name.
Modoc County: Same thing. Yes, my dog you
Dr Jameson: Know, but it'll be should be easier for me to remember that way. But no, I think it's I think it's really pretty. I'm I'm bad with names. So that's why. Sorry, I had to ask you, boy.
Um,
Dr Jameson: Any questions that you have.
Modoc County: You know your
Modoc County: Be honest.
Dr Jameson: Yes, I have to look it up because I don't know what off the top of my head.
Modoc County: Okay.
Dr Jameson: But I do. Okay.
Modoc County: It's 1-457-327-4133 okay
Dr Jameson: And all the other numbers, maybe that one too, but should be on the prescription. I don't
Dr Jameson: Know if they put them on there. To be fair, but I know the DEA is on there and the waiver and all that.
Dr Jameson: Okay, okay.
Dr Jameson: All right, any other questions. That was easy. Any other
Modoc County: Any other questions.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right, well. It was nice meeting, both of you and I, I'm very interested to see are excited to see how this system in your how many patients do you have there. Do you think
Modoc County: So far, three use the third one.
Dr Jameson: All right.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I'm cool. I bet you, I'm sure there will be more
Modoc County: You're probably will be more and it will make it work even better. We just starting out.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, well, and it might be
Dr Jameson: I can see pluses or minuses and minuses to having
Dr Jameson: A group with some of the folks there and then other folks somewhere else, just for kind of
Dr Jameson: I think it's helpful to see people in all different
Dr Jameson: Situations, and it can be, I think our patients find that
Dr Jameson: Reassuring I think
Dr Jameson: And, and, you know,
Dr Jameson: You see somebody in a totally. You know, I don't know, there's a lot of
Dr Jameson: It helps to hear different perspectives and different experiences. And what this person has found to be helpful. And that person did and then the more ideas and here and stories you hear, I think the more your apt to find something that kind of, you know, rings rings for you.
Dr Jameson: So, okay, well, we'll be in touch with a specific on the group. And if for some reason the group's not starting before next next Monday already we'll, we'll make sure that the medication gets covered
Dr Jameson: Okay, okay.
Dr Jameson: You know what, I have one more question. How tall are you,
Modoc County: I mean, yeah.
Dr Jameson: Wow. And do you know how much you weigh these days.
Dr Jameson: Okay, just my physical exam.
Dr Jameson: I guess I could get vitals on YouTube, but I don't think it's usually not all that relevant to honestly to this particular stuff. So I think that's okay.
Modoc County: Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right, well, nice to meet both of you. Thank you so much for your assistance. Nyah,
Modoc County: No problem.
Dr Jameson: All right, take care.
Modoc County: Thank you.
Bye. Oh.
Dr Jameson: There.
Dr Jameson: Can you hear me okay can you hear me. Yes. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Many hands, meaning it's been taking longer in the last I don't know month or so since everybody and their brother started using zoom
You see,
Dr Jameson: My name is Dr. Jane within
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Hi, nice to meet you. I'm Michele like
Dr Jameson: Okay, so you go by Michelle not Lisa
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah, well, Lisa is my first name, but I've always gone by Michelle. My middle name.
Dr Jameson: That's okay. No, that's fine. We should call you what you like to be called
Dr Jameson: Okay, if you could just confirm your name. I mean, your birthday.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: OKAY, IT'S MARCH 29 of 97
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: And you're in California. Yeah. Crescent City.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and
Dr Jameson: I'm sure they already told you all this. We're just to confirm while you sign your consent forms, but you're comfortable with the video visits and it's being recorded so that they can make transcripts of all of our visits and just make sure you're comfortable with that. Okay. Um,
Dr Jameson: So are you
Dr Jameson: In treatment already or not currently
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: No, I'm not currently
Dr Jameson: But you happen in the past.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, with medication or just in like detox kind of stuff.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Um, with Suboxone like I've never been in rehab like like inpatient rehab. I did Suboxone and then I went to groups and like in a so kind of outpatient
Dr Jameson: Okay, was it with Dr. Gross.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, okay. I have several other patients that you know she works for us now. Right.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I didn't know that. Yeah, I think I knew that. That's why they they don't do really, they're not taking your patients for
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: The end like that.
Dr Jameson: I used to do. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She moved. But then she was able to start working for us. So
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: That's awesome.
Dr Jameson: It's up to you. I know most of her former patients have been transitioned over to her groups in our with us to
Dr Jameson: You obviously don't have to, but if you would like to, then we can make that happen.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah, that'd be cool. I mean, it doesn't really matter to me.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I don't care really
I'm
Dr Jameson: Okay. I mean, I'll just leave it.
Dr Jameson: There's no pressure, one way or the other, you know, like some, some people get really attached and some people don't care so
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah, I wasn't in there for that long. I'm actually from Santa Cruz. I haven't lived here very long. I've lived here for like a little over a year.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Are you living with with parents or
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I live with my mom. Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: Cool. Um,
Dr Jameson: Okay, so let's
Dr Jameson: Start hearing weird noises
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I was
Dr Jameson: Coming out on my list. I live in Florida. I was sitting out on my call them one is here. It's just a patio, but
Dr Jameson: There's too much background noise. I'll go inside. It's just happened to be fine. Actually, a nice a nice day outside for one, not too hot.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah, it's hot in Florida.
Dr Jameson: It definitely can get very hot. But today, it's like not even humid and it's just nice. So I wanted to see if I can, I can make it work. Okay. Um, okay. So you have taken Suboxone in the past.
Dr Jameson: You know,
Dr Jameson: You probably do know what your dose was
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Um, I think that I had
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I think they started me out on for strips today of eight milligram
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Mm hmm. And then they took me down to three strips eventually
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Okay, so I think I got 30 a week or 28 week
Dr Jameson: For the for at the beginning. Yeah, okay.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: How long ago was all that approximately
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Um, probably about a year ago or close to
Dr Jameson: Okay, so you were in the team. And then when did you stop.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: And I went back to Santa Cruz for a little bit. And that's when I stopped because I get it.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah, really do it.
Dr Jameson: So that was
Dr Jameson: Okay. So how long did you take the Suboxone for
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Um,
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Probably like
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Maybe like three months.
Of hormones.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: And then
Dr Jameson: And then you went back to Santa Cruz.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And then you stop the Suboxone
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah, I tried to get put on methadone there, but it was like too long of a waitlist and like I just never got on because their doctor quit and like they can't prescribe any new patients so
Dr Jameson: And then
Did you
Dr Jameson: Have you taken methadone.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Somewhere. I'll never take never taken methadone.
Dr Jameson: Was it just because you couldn't find us about some doctor or you didn't really like the Suboxone
Dr Jameson: That you were looking at mom it
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Was because I couldn't really find this the box and Dr. There. And it was easier to get into the Methadone clinic.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: So,
Dr Jameson: I just there was, there wasn't something you didn't like about the Suboxone
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Know I helped me a lot. It's like going I've ever gotten clean was using Suboxone okay so
Dr Jameson: So what
Dr Jameson: Let's see what brought you back to Santa. What does this in a cruise.
Yeah.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I was in a relationship with somebody or for a long time for five years. So I went back there. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And then did that not work out or
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Uh, yeah, didn't work out so
Dr Jameson: So you're back at your mom's
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah, I'm back here on my mom.
Dr Jameson: And that's been, how long has you break up. In fact,
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I'm probably like
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Seven or eight months ago.
Dr Jameson: Oh hey, so it's been a good while.
Dr Jameson: Yeah okay just and I'm just so I kind of get the lay of the land, not, not just to get an idea.
Dr Jameson: But you didn't look into Suboxone
Dr Jameson: Once you've got back again, or you did. But Dr girls will spawn or what happened.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Um, I just did it look back into it.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I don't know. I was just kind of like going through hard times. So I just didn't really do it.
Dr Jameson: Okay, you know, you don't. You don't have to justify yourself or anything. I just, just to sort of get an idea of where your mindset has been, that's all.
Dr Jameson: I'm okay so
Dr Jameson: You are more
Dr Jameson: What's the word
Dr Jameson: Okay, with the status quo or of using for putting. So what's changed. I guess what's changed now. Like, how come you're get reaching out again now.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I'm just, I'm just tired of, like, I don't know. It's been a long time. Like, I'm just like, tired of it. You know, I mean, it just gets old and stuff.
Dr Jameson: Expensive.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Any other what what else is becoming
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Um, I don't know, it's just been like that for a while. It's just not fun anymore. You know, I mean, just like kind of like, like a hassle.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: To keep it up and stuff. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So a lot of times, and I think I saw this written and some of your paperwork somewhere. It's now it's more about just not not feeling sick.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Instead of, yeah.
Dr Jameson: Feeling good.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I'm using. Yeah.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so
Dr Jameson: Sort of change gears are once again. Are you allergic to any medications that you know about
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Um, I'm thinking I might be allergic to penicillin. I don't know. I know my dad, my grandma was
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: But I don't know. I don't think I've ever taken it.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Because they were super allergic to it. So I don't know. Let's see. Okay.
I'm
Dr Jameson: Okay, but it hasn't been they say it's not hereditary. Just so you know what
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Oh, okay.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Well, no.
No, I don't. But
Dr Jameson: I'm not probably gonna have a need to prescribe it for you. So anyway,
Dr Jameson: And then are you prescribing any other medication.
No.
Dr Jameson: Okay, that's easy.
Dr Jameson: And the Holocaust utilizations or major illnesses or surgery surgical procedures that you've had.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Know,
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I got my tonsils removed when I was in like first grade.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Science that no I had any surgeries.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and any have you been diagnosed with any like anxiety or depression or bipolar PTSD or any
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I got diagnosed with depression and anxiety.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: A few years ago, but I haven't really
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Medication for it.
Dr Jameson: I
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Really haven't felt any like need for it.
Dr Jameson: It's got
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: A lot better.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah, and they tried they tried it a little off like a few years ago and like it like made me so what worse so
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I just like so. Yeah. So I just haven't
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I'm what it's better for me when I don't need that stuff. What
Dr Jameson: I'm just curious what happened when you took that that was worse.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Um, it just made me a lot more depressed and suicidal, because it is a lot like I don't know.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: If this happened to other people to do
Dr Jameson: Well, I'm going to put that in your list in your allergy list. I mean, because it's not an allergic reaction was definitely had a bad you know adverse side effects.
Dr Jameson: The people that one group of people that I mean any drug can do anything to anybody but there's a higher than average.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, percent of that happening in people who are bipolar that they get worse when they take the regular Prozac will Lexapro.
Select
Dr Jameson: So just, I mean, I don't know, but it's just it's a good feed to have in the back of your we use just different medications work much better for those folks. So just
Dr Jameson: It's interesting, but matter.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so you had your tonsils out at one point you were treated for depression not successfully.
Dr Jameson: And
Dr Jameson: They wrote in. Did you have a suicide attempt at one time.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Um, no. It just made me just like it just made me really like
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Just like really moody and just like like down and stuff like
Dr Jameson: That
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I haven't really had
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Kind of like
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I don't want to say it's like went away, but like I haven't had like a problems like grandma sleep couple of years.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so do you never actually tried or anything.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: No.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Okay, good.
Dr Jameson: All right. Alright, so that so fairly straightforward family history anybody in your family that has dealt with.
Dr Jameson: alcohol or other substance abuse substance disorder type
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: My, my dad, I guess, kind of, I guess, yeah. My dad.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: But
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I haven't seen long times in Tennessee so
Dr Jameson: Okay, what are, what are you
Dr Jameson: Aware of is it alcohol or something else.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I'm, I'm pretty sure the lessons, I mean,
Dr Jameson: You don't really have contact with sounds like
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I'm on the phone.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: A lot. But I haven't seen them because, yeah, I don't know, I haven't made the trip there and he hasn't made the trigger. So
Dr Jameson: It is not next door, that's for sure. That's for sure.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Okay, anybody else in the family.
Dr Jameson: With with substance alcohol anything
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: My brother.
Dr Jameson: Math also or opioid, sir. Well, mix.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Also methods. I mean,
Dr Jameson: And if you
Dr Jameson: Use that much or
Dr Jameson: Is he still using actively here.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: You know, he's in rehabilitation right now.
No, but
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Okay.
Dr Jameson: And how about anybody else was mental know how much mental illness, you have but anybody else diagnosed with depression, anxiety,
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I'm know my. I mean, my, my sister, she committed suicide. When I was younger, but that's pretty much it. Oh my.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Goodness with how
Dr Jameson: old was she
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: She was 16
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: My gosh, yeah.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I was. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: That sounds
Dr Jameson: Horrifying
Dr Jameson: But she using drugs, you think, or do we know
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Honestly, I was really young. I don't know.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I know that she like had depression or
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Like
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I always try to keep her like in counseling.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: And stuff but like they didn't really try to help me log
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: On you know so
Dr Jameson: You were 10 you said right
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Wow.
Dr Jameson: So definitely, she has severe depression.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: From a pretty young age, I guess you said she'd had to present a while.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah, I guess nobody. I mean, nobody really knew that she had depression really like that until like
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I mean, my mom knew that she was. She like became a teenager, but like we didn't know. Like, it was like for like before, but like, Yeah, apparently, like, I don't know. She
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Found her stuff of her
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: When she was like, pretty
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Just never like reached out or anything. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: That's awfully sad.
Dr Jameson: Um,
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Okay, so are you, what are you doing these days. Are you working or school or
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Right now because I'm trying to get put on like my my swag. Since I can get clean before it's hard to like kind of keep a job or do anything when
Dr Jameson: I. Fair enough. Are you what works, what kind of work, happy, have you been doing any
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I've done a lot of retail work in a lot of like restaurants like hostessing
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Of course right this second. Probably not. Probably not a lot of
Dr Jameson: Out there right this very moment.
Dr Jameson: And then did you graduate high school or how much school did you finish.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah I graduated early actually
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: When I was 16 so
Dr Jameson: So you were very good student.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And you're sitting with your mom. Do you have any kids.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: One kid.
Dr Jameson: Where is how old and where are they with you or
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: They say my family.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: How old
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: For
Dr Jameson: Nearby or down in Santa Cruz.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I'm down Sanders. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Is that like mandated or just that's kind of an informal
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: It's just kind of like just what we decided on.
Dr Jameson: Do you smoke cigarettes.
Dr Jameson: In the pastor of us have never done.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I've never smoked cigarettes.
Dr Jameson: For you. How about alcohol.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: You know,
Dr Jameson: I wouldn't recommend either one, but that's good.
Dr Jameson: And okay anyway, you've been using heroin. Right.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: And how do you, how do you take it.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I inject it
Dr Jameson: And when did. Let's see, I guess, when did you start
Dr Jameson: Using that and
Dr Jameson: I guess.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: When I was like 19
Dr Jameson: Were you taking something else before that, or does it start right with everyone.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Know I smoke weed and that was never like done anything
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I just like I lost all losses, so
Dr Jameson: Through that one more time.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I became whole
Okay.
Dr Jameson: If broke up. Sorry. So you were honest, you were living on the streets and then started using that that we said
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah. Oh, hold on. Sorry, my phone is doing something where I think
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Okay, they go back to video right
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah, it wasn't, it was calling me. Oh, that's okay. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: You kind of froze. Maybe that's part of the why the sound What weird so you ended up
Dr Jameson: with nowhere to stay and then you started using did you start injecting ran away, or did you do some
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Um I smoker for a couple years.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Sorry, somebody calling me out. Okay. But yeah, I smoked for a couple of years. I didn't start off doing
Dr Jameson: Okay, and let's see. So you are 23 now. So just the last couple years we've been injecting
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah. Oh my god.
Dr Jameson: I'm
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Sorry, sorry.
Dr Jameson: That's okay.
Dr Jameson: I'm gonna, is it the same person calling you.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I don't know, I just keeps like glitches.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: It just rings like pop up exactly it. Is it just goes
Dr Jameson: Okay. Um, so, how much are you using late lately.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Probably like a gram a day.
Dr Jameson: And okay so you said you've done the Suboxone for about three months.
Dr Jameson: About a year ago.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: OK.
Dr Jameson: Ok stuff after relocating
Dr Jameson: I mean city.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: And what is your
Dr Jameson: Support System like now. I mean, how
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: It's good.
Dr Jameson: To have friends in that area. Where did you grow up in Crescent City or this is where your mom was
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: No, I grew up in Santa Cruz is like I've only lived here for a year. Okay. Do you have
Dr Jameson: Any like social network there now or
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I'm I'm
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Kind of like acquaintances and stuff, but I don't like
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I don't really try to go out to too much as
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I don't know. Hmm. So I'm pretty much
Dr Jameson: Stay home 766 years old.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: And then anybody else that lives in the household side your mom.
Dr Jameson: And she's not using anything
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: She never has. Yeah.
Ever
Dr Jameson: Well, that's good, though. You don't want to be living in a place where
Dr Jameson: Things are
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah, no, it's definitely a good like environment, but are so good.
Dr Jameson: Um, do you know how well of course how tall are you,
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I think, like, five, one,
Dr Jameson: You how much you weigh DC
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I'm probably like maybe like like 110
Dr Jameson: Okay. So, um, what, when you have withdrawal. What, what does that
Dr Jameson: How does that manifest for you.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Um, I get really sick of it lasts a long time for me. I don't know why.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I know some people that can withdraw and they'll be done in like 234 days talks, you know,
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I like first time I ever withdrawal actually why got boxes because I tried to do it cold turkey and I will draw for so long, I really just couldn't take it anymore. I will try out for like a little over a month.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Now, and it just like wasn't getting any better, like I felt like worse and worse and so
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I started Roxanne
Dr Jameson: Do you get not like few vomit. What, what kind of symptoms you have
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah, I get really sick. Like I puke. I have used bathroom I sweat, and I called plants, I get hot and cold restless leg syndrome like fatigue, but I can't sleep.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: And like I get really bad anxiety.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, pain.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Oh yeah, my body is like a game.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Like sore like yeah
Dr Jameson: It sounds very, very familiar. Yes.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, and some. So I would say that is a little bit
Dr Jameson: More letters fairly for a long. I mean, most people it's at least a week, two weeks. But then there's kind of depression and other stuff that can kind of wax and wane for even 656 months. Sometimes it can take a very long time so
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I don't know if it's
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: The only time I ever have withdrawal and that's why it took so long.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: The first time is the worst time so i i don't know
Dr Jameson: I don't know.
Dr Jameson: Either so I don't know if that's true or not. Honestly, I don't know.
Dr Jameson: If I think to me. I would say would have probably has more to do with how stubborn your receptors in there. Are they don't want to change.
Dr Jameson: Their thermostat. It sounds like so they
Dr Jameson: Keep on screaming longer and longer, which is
Dr Jameson: Money, but
Dr Jameson: That's usually what the withdrawal process is is the receptors. They have been, you know, that's the opposite of getting the tolerance and
Dr Jameson: Is when you you have to reverse that basically
Dr Jameson: Sort of and and generally in a sort of a sense but
Dr Jameson: That should gradually
Dr Jameson: Physical stuff usually doesn't last quite so like I said, this is a long time.
Dr Jameson: Are you there.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: I thought you're frozen for a second. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So, um, so you probably know quite a bit about how the Suboxone works, but I want to make sure you don't have any questions or if there's any questions I can try to answer for you.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Okay.
You
Dr Jameson: Know,
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I am pretty sure she just told me that would maybe be put under my tongue for 15 minutes
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: And let it, you know, try to let it absorb like as much as possible, and then
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah, I'll just take it in the morning and then we'll try me for her. So I'll just take off in the morning and then one like in like the mid afternoon.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: And then one in the evening.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: And then like where I went to bed and
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Okay, but then it tapers down to three. So I would just
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Do one in the morning and afternoon doesn't one
Dr Jameson: Were you feeling okay I'm a three.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah. At first I needed the for because I was just like, withdrawing so hard. I got it. I it didn't help me I needed for for my cravings. I had really craving the first
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: But not take it off and I didn't really have anything
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Like so kind of the three was okay for me.
Dr Jameson: And then compared to how much heroin. You've been taking well I guess you hadn't taken any in a month when he started the Suboxone last time. But how much have you been you. How much have you been using before you started to stop.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Probably less than I'm doing now.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Because, yeah.
Dr Jameson: Well, cuz tolerance, that's why.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and then did she explained to you, like how it works in your body, like what it does.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Um, yeah, like you're
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: It pretty much blocks your receptors are from, like, like wanting to get like fed more like opiates. Right.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so the same receptors that the heroin or the Percocet, or whatever oxy whatever people are using
Dr Jameson: There's like receptors in your brain where those drugs connect and then create various sensations. The buprenorphine goes into those same receptors and then it sticks. They're like it you can't really your body can't get it out. So, um, I guess with Mark, can you can but
Dr Jameson: It's much stronger than even heroin is so
Dr Jameson: That's good. I mean, you know, so even if you, God forbid, decided to use heroin. If you've been taking your Suboxone that would be nowhere for the heroin to go because the receptors are occupied
Dr Jameson: The problem theoretically can be that since it's so strong, it can actually push the heroin out
Dr Jameson: So you can if you don't wait until you're already feeling sick when you first take your first dose it will pre it will create a sudden very severe withdrawal Republic precipitated withdrawal sorta like if you give someone in our can when they're high except worse because it last longer.
Dr Jameson: can win her can wears off. After an hour or so.
Dr Jameson: So it's important that you be careful about the timing of your initial dose.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: You wait like it's like 72 hours or 48 hours 4872
Dr Jameson: Basically, as long as you can.
Dr Jameson: If it's really just heroin, which I don't know that we have any way of knowing for sure if it's really just heroin, because there's so much mental out there in the world now.
Dr Jameson: Then I think 24 hours is enough. As long as you're feeling pretty ill, like, you know, like withdrawals really going strong. If you're not feeling that sick, then I would wait longer
Dr Jameson: And if there's any suspicion that which I think we have to have because there is so much fentanyl than waiting longer is better because that stuff is
Dr Jameson: That stuff is so strong that it's actually a little bit harder for the Suboxone to to work for that so
Dr Jameson: The
Dr Jameson: Especially in California. The support, but in anywhere these days, the supply of what what sold as heroin often has as much or more. Sometimes it's all fentanyl so
Dr Jameson: I don't know, we, it's hard to know. I even had a patient who said he lives in San Francisco. And he, I guess there was some clinic or somewhere, you could go. Probably the same place, you will go to exchange your needles. I mean, they had some sort of test, you could test your
Dr Jameson: Dope.
Man.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah, the needle exchange. They have a fit and all test it.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, and he had done that and when he, when he tested it came back as just heroin. But when we went to induce him. It turned out it was
Dr Jameson: Apparently there was one on there because it was more. It was much more
Dr Jameson: Uncomfortable for him for the first few days until things. Finally, certainly set
Dr Jameson: So,
Dr Jameson: What do you know when, when's the last time that you used
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Last night, okay.
Dr Jameson: How long does it normally I don't know how long you've tried to go lately, but how long until you start to feel like you're vomiting in that so
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I'm only about like
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Maybe like 12 like puking like probably like 1618 hours.
Dr Jameson: So you're getting getting there. Now, I guess, starting to or
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Well, I mean, it's kind of, I don't know, it's kind of different when you go to sleep in. And because I didn't go to bed until late night.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Okay to like three or four
Dr Jameson: Years right before them.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I think so. Okay, so, um,
Dr Jameson: Yeah i mean i think i think waiting as long as you can stand to wait is probably the safest bet.
Dr Jameson: I can send some natural medicine, if that would help and we we have you used any of the quantities or the visceral hydroxyl scenes in the past.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Um, I think that when I first came here. He gave me a kickback Dr girls did
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I think it. That's what I had. And yeah.
Dr Jameson: Maybe, yeah.
Dr Jameson: Probably so I can send all of that stuff too. So you have some other stuff to take for some of the symptoms, while you're trying to like
Dr Jameson: Wait out your time as much as you can.
Dr Jameson: But I would say very bare minimum is 24 hours but I probably I would say if you can try to get through tonight and start tomorrow at the earliest assuming you're really
Dr Jameson: Terrible, which I
Dr Jameson: Suppose you will be but
Dr Jameson: And then as far as dose goes
Dr Jameson: I think we should give an attempt at three day
Dr Jameson: Or really, the very, very, very most maximum dose and where we I've had to do that, initially, and people to but it's usually you know the average was sexually to a day so
Dr Jameson: Anyway, I think, I think it's worth trying 3D and I say that partly because some of the cravings are physical, but some of them are more psychological and
Dr Jameson: You know you've been on Suboxone before you know that it works for you. You have a probably a little different mindset about it this time than you did the first time where it was.
Dr Jameson: Unknown to you. And is this even going to work and I, you know, not knowing what was going to happen. So I think it's worth a try it three a day.
Dr Jameson: If you're really not either, you know, you're feeling still sick or you're still having terrible cravings and okay but I think we can we can adjust up, but I think it's worth a try, because you might actually be okay at three
Dr Jameson: There's no way to know until we try
Dr Jameson: I have to run you through the
Dr Jameson: Curious system, one second. Then in your family. I guess the way that we do our program is probably similar to the way that Dr groves.
Dr Jameson: Works there you we do the weekly group.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: And
Dr Jameson: That what she did to
Yeah.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I think that we started to do it on webcam. Actually, when she cuz she moved in. So we actually
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Like on webcam and stuff. Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right. Um,
Dr Jameson: So, um,
Dr Jameson: So I can see when her
Dr Jameson: You didn't like get kicked out or have any
Dr Jameson: Issues with that.
Dr Jameson: Program. I
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Know,
Dr Jameson: Feel free march 29 27th. Sorry.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: 29
And 1997
Dr Jameson: That's Wittenberg with them. No, I saw there was enough for you.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah, everybody does.
Dr Jameson: Okay, is not coming up. Would you be under miss
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Lisa Michelle.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: There should be an early. So Michelle Wittenberg
Dr Jameson: Try again. There'll be you.
Dr Jameson: H. I.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: N B RG
Dr Jameson: To know what's your take on. Sorry. Oh.
329 97
Dr Jameson: Me, try this during this show. Maybe that was always done under
Dr Jameson: I don't see anything with the least
Dr Jameson: nothing's coming up.
Dr Jameson: There's two T's right
Dr Jameson: I just purchased your last name, and it's not even coming up.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Oh, what is that, what are you eating for for me or
Dr Jameson: So in the
Dr Jameson: There's a state database that is supposed to show any controlled substances. Maybe I should do a long. I wonder if I can do a longer time period.
Dr Jameson: Maybe it doesn't go back far enough.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I don't
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Think it's been longer than I mean it has been over a year and barely
A year.
Dr Jameson: I mean, if I can't find you. I can't find you. I'm just surprised because when user that just means you haven't had anything in a year, but I find that surprising given
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: That's definitely in 2009 it wasn't
Dr Jameson: California
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: So let me see what the what Dr.
Dr Jameson: Close.
Dr Jameson: Group schedules. Like, I can tell you my when my groups for California are Wednesday's either 1030
Dr Jameson: All of that one's getting kind of full
Dr Jameson: Well, either 110 30 or noon.
Dr Jameson: And then I can tell you can look through Dr grow. So you have a certain day of the week or time that you need.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Probably the afternoons better than their early morning
Dr Jameson: You see,
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Like noon would be good.
Dr Jameson: Have you done any individual counseling.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: No, not really. I think I went to one one session was and it was kind of weird. And so I designed it and do it.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Again,
Dr Jameson: Okay, so Dr. Gross. Have a 10am on Thursday, but that might be too early.
Dr Jameson: And
Dr Jameson: Know her schedule off the top of my head. Some, hold on. There's a lot of different groups now.
Dr Jameson: Another one because I
Dr Jameson: Asked her some patients like I had, I had someone for patients. And then when she started making a list, they
Dr Jameson: Move back with her, which is totally fair
Dr Jameson: Oh here 545 on Monday.
Dr Jameson: And that'll work.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I work
Dr Jameson: With I know that's kind of a big boy. That's a really big group.
Dr Jameson: So I should probably get the okay from her before some of these folks maybe just going once a month, though I don't know because they. Some of them I happen to know at least one or two of them.
Dr Jameson: Were very long duration, so that that may be, but I don't want to put you in there till I get an okay because it's like 20 people so
Dr Jameson: Let me see if there's any other. Let me see if there's any others.
Dr Jameson: A different place to look. That will be easier to see here
Dr Jameson: So I don't know if that will work or not. I have. We can tend to we can pencil you in for the noon on Wednesday, one
Dr Jameson: Me and then I'll reach out to Dr. Bros and just let her know the situation.
Dr Jameson: And we can decide what works best for everyone involved.
Dr Jameson: So we do
Dr Jameson: We do require
Dr Jameson: At least a period of individual counseling. So, for sure. There's an initial visit with with one of the counselors and that's for kind of an assessment of just the general
Dr Jameson: What your various factors bio, they call it a bio psychosocial so like, what's your support system like what's your, you know, kind of just what's the setting in which we're dealing with
Dr Jameson: This and then they at that visit will make a recommendation about okay once a week or every other week or twice a week, you know, depending on how much
Dr Jameson: Is going on. And then once they've met with you enough times, I feel like you've got a pretty good mindset and your coping skills are really strong and you're
Dr Jameson: You know, kind of cruise control a little bit, then they'll start, you know, slowing down. And eventually, maybe just leave it as and as as needed. I think most of our patients benefit from
Dr Jameson: A reasonable duration of counseling. And I say that because my opinion is, I don't know that it's a scientific study, but my opinion is, there's usually
Dr Jameson: There are usually more than one reason why someone ended up in this
Dr Jameson: Pickup
Dr Jameson: You know, there's a reason you make a decision to inject
Dr Jameson: Heroin in your arm, you're trying to escape from some other reality or some kind of discomfort, whether it's emotional or physical
Dr Jameson: And we can't just magically erase all of those other you know things in your, from your life. Right. So what we need to help you, is to replace this coping mechanism, which is so self destructive with some with other a variety, probably not just one, but other
Dr Jameson: Coping mechanisms.
Dr Jameson: But in order to do that, we also have to sort of help you if you don't already know what those
Dr Jameson: Issues are where they're coming from. Maybe there are some maybe there is some
Dr Jameson: Trauma related to, you know, some things that have happened to you in your life that we can help you kind of process through better grief through work through heal from
Dr Jameson: So that they're not kind of a festering thing that you're always carrying around with you, trying to numb, which is common.
Dr Jameson: Some people have, you know, anxieties and social anxieties and phobias and things that they're trying to keep quiet and overcome and Amy.
Dr Jameson: If we find that most people have have at least, even if it's like the way that they think about with whether they're very
Dr Jameson: Pessimistic instead of optimistic or they're always jumping to the worst possible conclusion, we call that catastrophizing
Dr Jameson: Sort of the way that we think about things that happen in our environment can make have a huge impact on how how we get through them or don't.
Dr Jameson: And so some of you know, working with working with kind of analyzing that a little bit healthier. What is your sort of
Dr Jameson: knee jerk thought process, which, you know, we all have that it's just some of us are very negative and some of us are not and some of us blame ourselves for every single thing that happens and other people you know it's. Everyone's a little different but
Dr Jameson: That I think makes a huge difference in how long term big picture how people end up you know doing
Dr Jameson: In the long run, so
Dr Jameson: That's the reason anyway.
Dr Jameson: And I get it. I mean, I hear what you're saying. It can be uncomfortable or weird or you don't always connect. Sometimes the person you first meet with is like you feel like they're crazier than you are sometimes
Dr Jameson: That's okay. No, no, just
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Kind of weird because I didn't know it was a guy. He was an older guy and then just, like, kind of, I don't know.
Dr Jameson: Just didn't feel comfortable so
Dr Jameson: So that doesn't mean that counseling isn't appropriate just means that wasn't the right
Dr Jameson: match for you. And that happens. I mean, some
Dr Jameson: Yeah, maybe even if it was a young female, you might still not have felt comfortable for us. And sometimes there's just a weird
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Okay, hold on.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Sorry. Sorry, I'm talking to my mom.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so, um,
Dr Jameson: Anyway, so we'll have you meet with counselor and then they'll determine together with you what the, what the recommendation is but we doing Kurt, we do consider the individual work kind of part and parcel just as important really honestly really
Dr Jameson: Very important, not just the medicine, which is usually the patients kind
Dr Jameson: Of primary focus. So do you need to
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Know her and I was in the bathroom.
Dr Jameson: Okay, okay.
Sure.
Dr Jameson: So what we usually do is kind of tie your prescriptions to
Dr Jameson: The expectation is that you we write the prescription you your you fulfill your side of the
Dr Jameson: Equation which is showing up for groups showing up for appointments doing your labs. The initially, there's a set of lab work that they did they tell you about that.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Okay, they told me that I needed to go to center coast.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: With them this week and then after that we'll be sending it to my mailbox every 30 days.
Dr Jameson: You got
Dr Jameson: Two minutes. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so basically like we, you know, you kind of we dole out the prescriptions like as each of these things are being
Dr Jameson: Cut. Check, check. Okay. You know, you get your prescription so
Dr Jameson: We start out with a very short leash. I'm not gonna lie. I mean, we keep it pretty
Dr Jameson: But I think, you know, I sometimes I think we leave able to Lucy, Lucy and it's all I'll do that tomorrow, I'll do that tomorrow. And then it just never happens. So
Dr Jameson: We kind of keep things pretty tight at first and then as time goes on and you're showing up and doing all the right you know all the things we're asking you to do, then we start doing
Dr Jameson: A longer prescription and eventually ultimately down as long as a month at a time, which is that takes a good time long time to get to, but it does happen, and
Dr Jameson: So we started out with weekly groups and then
Dr Jameson: You know, six months down the line, if things are really good. Then we sometimes people will start coming in a group, every other week but
Dr Jameson: Usually more is better. As far as feeling connected and and sort of encouraged and supported and
Dr Jameson: Part of the program.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Okay.
Dr Jameson: We are pretty strict about no
Shows
Dr Jameson: We have had big problem with them. So especially for the counselor, is it. Go figure.
Dr Jameson: So we've, we've got a pretty strict policy in place. Like if you don't show up, you're going to get a three or four day prescription for the next month.
Dr Jameson: Until you don't have any naturals for the next month. So my advice to you is we understand stuff happens like your phone dies or I don't know you're sick or whatever you, you just need to let us know ahead of time. I'm not gonna be able to make it and reschedule like an adult, you know,
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: And then that's okay if we reschedule. And you call us and let us know. It's the idea. Don't even bother to call, don't you know and then two days later, I'm on a medicine or something like that and you need to be upfront and proactive that's that's really all we're asking
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Okay.
Dr Jameson: I mean, if you keep on rescheduling every single appointment. After a while we're gonna have a problem with that too. But we are reasonable. I mean, I think we're, we're pretty flexible. We just need we need to have that communication.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so
Dr Jameson: I will send
Dr Jameson: What did I say Dr. Gross.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Okay.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: No worries. And you did the film was before, right.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: The what
Stress trip.
Dr Jameson: And I'm pretty sure medical strangely wants us to say brand only Weirdest thing, but okay.
Dr Jameson: So I will read it that way. And I'm going to say three day but you're not going to probably start it.
Dr Jameson: Until
Dr Jameson: A little bit at least tomorrow.
Dr Jameson: T ID. And I'm going to do a four days.
Dr Jameson: And then either you'll be at group with me Wednesday, or what 1045 be too early for you.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I'm
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Fine.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: 1045
Dr Jameson: Well, I gotta, I gotta
Dr Jameson: If you want to do the doctor groves group think it was 1045 Thursday I think is what I said is I want. I said, I have to look again.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah, he said, yet approved with her. So you said noon.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Well it with you.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, the one I'd have to think, well, I should let her know either way, but I'm
Dr Jameson: The one that I have to approve would be. I know it's 10am on Thursday.
Dr Jameson: The one that was later today was the one that's on Monday at 545 but that one's really full so I don't know that one. I wouldn't wanna
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Okay.
Dr Jameson: So your, your choices for now. Our noon on Wednesday or 10am on Thursday.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I guess I'll do 10am
Dr Jameson: Okay, well let me. I'm going to
Dr Jameson: triple check. I wouldn't be surprised, but I will double check that.
Dr Jameson: Alright, well, we'll pencil you in for them. So by then you'll have taken. Maybe you'll have had medicine for a couple days.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Uh huh.
Dr Jameson: And then. Alright, so I'll send
Dr Jameson: It's the CVS on Highway 101 yeah
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah, it's the only CVS increases it
Dr Jameson: Okay, and then let me
Dr Jameson: Do the other man's I told you I would so let me let me get this one done first.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: And this is the same pharmacy that I have my doctor's
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Prescription
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Cool. It's going to expire. So me
Dr Jameson: Did you have any overdoses any point
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And you said you haven't done any inpatient, you're just on the
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah, just groups with Dr. Girls like once or twice a week.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah. And then I did the I went to drug test and
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I took Suboxone
Dr Jameson: Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: All right.
Dr Jameson: And have you had any legal issues.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: No.
Dr Jameson: probation or parole or anything. You have a license.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And the only thing about quantity. It's used for anxiety and the hots and colds and stuff. It can make. It's a blood pressure medicine so it can lower your blood pressure a little bit
Dr Jameson: So you just want to make sure you don't. If you notice you're feeling light headed, or disease, especially when you stand up, you might not have the highest blood pressure to start with because you're kind of petite just good. Yeah.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Pretty low blood pressure actually
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so that's the only thing you gotta kind of watch out for, with nothing. Nada medicine one, but the one that has to do with anxiety and restlessness and stuff.
Dr Jameson: So just be careful. Yes.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Pretty much like my worst symptom is saying I got already have really bad anxiety, like I have super bad anxiety and like when I when I detox like I have a line goes through the roof anxiety.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I got just so anxious for no reason.
Dr Jameson: So that's a common withdrawal symptom, actually. And then if you have anxiety to start with any way that it's just unmasked because you're not sedated by your opiate then
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so it may be a little both
Dr Jameson: So one is for the hot and cold and the restlessness with anxiety and then the hydroxyl mean I'm going to put for anxiety, insomnia, and that one is just that one doesn't affect your blood pressure. So,
Dr Jameson: That one is ok not in my make you sleepy, which would be good, I think.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah, cuz I can't sleep, but I'm like exhausted. I can't sleep because they like restlessness anxiety. So
Dr Jameson: Basically all the simple opposite symptoms of what opiates.
Dr Jameson: Do to people. Right. So they make people sleepy. They make people I'm constipated.
Dr Jameson: They kind of slow things down, they, you know, it's like when you take the breaks away everything goes
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Opposite or the roof. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So that's and not being able to sleep. I would say is probably the most common side effects for withdrawal from for people
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Yeah, I know some people that can sleep through it, but it's like, I cannot. I got is Blair like slipping and tossing and turning,
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: And every little thing is so uncomfortable. Like, I can't remember. Oh.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, it's really pretty miserable. Um. Any chance you could be pregnant. Yeah.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I have an IUD.
Dr Jameson: Ah, well,
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: I haven't been sexually active though.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Well, let me put that in here that technically would be a medic medication. So is it a marina or
The plastic one
Dr Jameson: There's another
Dr Jameson: Guy law or something.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Good. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so you're going to get your labs and I'm going to pencil you in for the Thursday 10am group.
Dr Jameson: A couple guidelines which probably all make sense to you, but
Dr Jameson: We asked you to have headphones on which you have now, but we want you to have the head just say, whoever hopefully that you're in a private room anyway. But if there. It does happen me
Dr Jameson: Somebody else in your household
Dr Jameson: What somebody else in group is saying it's not getting broadcast around who knows, you know, it's for privacy basically
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: You're not a smoker, so we don't have to ask you not to smoke.
Dr Jameson: It's really recommended that you check start checking in.
Dr Jameson: And I know it's getting earlier in earlier. I don't know. We asked people to start checking in half an hour before group actually starts. So just like
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Hold on. One moment please. Hold on. Sorry, sir.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Can you give me one second, please.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Okay, sorry, my mom. My mom called me back. I think I got my stimulus check. I'm not sure my, I have to call my credit card.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Debit card company and I was on hold for an hour. So she
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: didn't hang up.
Dr Jameson: Oh, okay. So we better hurry up. So, um,
Dr Jameson: I lost my train of thought, anyway.
Dr Jameson: No smoking in the same room. Oh, checking in at least half an hour before group starts just because it if everyone's checking in at once. Sometimes it gets
Dr Jameson: It gets to be a backlog there. So do your best to try to set an alarm or something to enter, you're going to be getting up just for group so
Dr Jameson: Then you go to the virtual clinic, just like you do today and you tell me I'm checking for group and then they'll do their thing and then give you the meeting ID, just like they did today.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: OK.
OK.
Dr Jameson: I know you got to go. So unless you have any other questions.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: No, I think I answered all thank you so much.
Dr Jameson: You're welcome. Take care.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Is. Nice to meet you.
Dr Jameson: Likewise, all right, take care.
Lisa Michelle Whittenberg: Thank you.
You're welcome.
Dr Jameson: OK, so the second patient is Lisa Wittenberg
Dr Jameson: March 29 1997
Dr Jameson: And she's here for her initial history and physical
Dr Jameson: She's a 22 year old woman.
Dr Jameson: Who has been
Dr Jameson: using heroin for the past four years, period. She has
Dr Jameson: Previously been in a treatment program.
Dr Jameson: In Crescent City, California under the care of Dr groves for approximately three to four months.
Dr Jameson: Ending about a year ago because she moved back to Santa Cruz.
Dr Jameson: Period.
Dr Jameson: She at that point, tried to get into a methadone clinic, but was unable and ended up relapsing period. She has since returned to live with her mother again in Crescent City after the relationship. She was in ended.
Dr Jameson: And she is once again interested in treatment.
Dr Jameson: Period.
Dr Jameson: She's never had an overdose. She hasn't done any inpatient detox programs.
Dr Jameson: She does have physical withdrawal symptoms which we love we detailed
Dr Jameson: Currently, she's just feeling slightly nauseous, but her most recent use was approximately 3am
Dr Jameson: This morning
Dr Jameson: So, it
Dr Jameson: Hasn't really started to accelerate quite yet.
Dr Jameson: I t tell her history. She has
Dr Jameson: History of adverse event adverse reaction to Zoloft which costs and suicidal ideation but she's never had a suicide attempt. And since she stopped taking that medication has not had any further suicidal ideation either
Dr Jameson: For review systems is
Dr Jameson: Generally negative before two point
Dr Jameson: Mental Status is not all physical is normal.
Dr Jameson: Oh UD severe
Dr Jameson: Plan.
Dr Jameson: Patient has had success with me to the past and I think she's a good candidate for this as she's at high risk for overdose and or death, given that she uses IV here when I be period.
Dr Jameson: She'll get her initial labs done. We're going to begin Suboxone eight slash two films three a day, which was her previous dose review potential side effects and risk of precipitated withdrawal. So she's instructed to wait at least 24 hours from her last dose.
Dr Jameson: Of heroin.
Dr Jameson: Before she starts and longer. She's able to, I sent on dance at Ronnie Clonidine, and I dropped seem to help with symptoms I sent a
Dr Jameson: Four day supply number 12 films.
Dr Jameson: We reviewed the structure of the program or no show policy goals for group attendance.
Dr Jameson: Going to clarify with staff about whether
Dr Jameson: She is going to join Dr gross group or my own
Dr Jameson: And
Dr Jameson: Proceed with psycho social, etc.
Dr Jameson: Now then, the other patient was
Dr Jameson: Edward Belasco
Dr Jameson: Seen within the
Dr Jameson: Community Health Clinic.
Dr Jameson: Conference Room with the nurse president i think i started. No, I guess I I started to dictate without the recording and that's what happened. And then the other patients.
Dr Jameson: For his initial history and physical he has been struggling with methamphetamine use which he's been using for many years now daily. Um, he did stop. About a month ago on his own.
Dr Jameson: Prompted by CPS case and needing to take regular drug urine drug screens, but he continues to have cravings and he's also been very fatigued.
Dr Jameson: Since he stopped using that period. He's been using it to help control pain.
Dr Jameson: Which
Dr Jameson: He has as a result of a significant motor vehicle accident he was involved in
Dr Jameson: Over a year ago, period. He has had numerous surgical repairs of fractured bones in his arm.
Dr Jameson: Left arm and right leg and his skull.
Dr Jameson: I detailed his prior to let's new paragraph prior to
Dr Jameson: Let's see, in the, in the past, calm, a patient has also used opiates regularly.
Dr Jameson: Both before his accident, as well as after period he
Dr Jameson: Detox himself from opiates, about a year ago.
Dr Jameson: Cold turkey and without any particular treatment period.
Dr Jameson: He does have daily chronic pain.
Dr Jameson: baseline of at least a six out of 10 with times or it's higher than that primarily in his right leg ankle area which is still not completely healed.
Dr Jameson: Period.
Dr Jameson: He had you tried Suboxone
Dr Jameson: Which he purchased illicitly while he was using opiates regularly, which seemed to work well and he doesn't will call having any side effects from that.
Dr Jameson: Nice I filled in his past medical history.
Dr Jameson: Reduce systems is
Dr Jameson: Positive for fatigue, insomnia, pain and arm left arm and right foot.
Dr Jameson: Otherwise it's negative.
Dr Jameson: And then I felt his physical. He's six foot
Dr Jameson: One, I think you're six feet. What did he say and
Dr Jameson: To 20 pounds, he said.
Dr Jameson: Mental Status and physical level normal
Dr Jameson: Assessment.
Dr Jameson: Well yes well heeled scars on across the skull, as well as
Dr Jameson: left upper and lower extremities.
Dr Jameson: Assessment.
Dr Jameson: Substance use disorder.
Dr Jameson: Dash methamphetamine number to
Dr Jameson: Chronic pain related to previous Tron
Dr Jameson: Surgeries
Dr Jameson: Number three. History of opiate use disorder.
Dr Jameson: Currently in remission.
Dr Jameson: Number for PTSD. Number five, nicotine abuse.
Dr Jameson: Plan.
Dr Jameson: We discussed various treatment options for
Dr Jameson: Medication
Dr Jameson: Medicaid, which we discussed various medication options to assist with his methamphetamine.
Dr Jameson: Use Disorder period, our task pane certainly is an option might also help with some of his insomnia period.
Dr Jameson: We elected to begin with low dose.
Dr Jameson: buprenorphine naloxone to see if we can help with some of this chronic pain and at the same time.
Dr Jameson: Decrease cravings from F, which he continues to suffer.
Dr Jameson: To experience, I should say.
Dr Jameson: We discussed potential side effects, which may be somewhat more obvious now that he's not currently using opiates also discussed the fact that he would technically be physically dependent on the Suboxone as well.
Dr Jameson: Period.
Dr Jameson: We've discussed the structure of our program, the various components and requirements.
Dr Jameson: Risk of precipitated but withdrawal, which isn't
Dr Jameson: really relevant to the patient at this current time but is important information to be familiar with.
Dr Jameson: And have initial lab results reason to have recent lab results from the clinic forwarded to us and
Dr Jameson: Then the group is going to be formed in within his clinic population.
Dr Jameson: Which still needs to be
Dr Jameson: Scheduled
Dr Jameson: We're gonna start with Suboxone one two milligrams to flash point five films one half strip sublingual e four times a day. And then those can be reassessed either later this week if he's having issues or that group next week.
Dr Jameson: Okay. And I think that is
Dr Jameson: For him.